c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\NUnitTestProject1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\NUnitTestProject1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\appium-dotnet-driver.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\normidna.nlp
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\normnfc.nlp
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\normnfd.nlp
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\normnfkc.nlp
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\normnfkd.nlp
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\NUnitTestProject1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NUnitTestProject1\NUnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\NUnitTestProject1.pdb
